+++
canonicalurl = ""

title = "Guide to using the Health Sciences Journal Theme"

articleType = "Editorial"
articleType_weight = 1

authors = [
  {surname = "One",  given_name = "Author",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "0000-0000-0000-0000", funding = ["1"], corresp = "author@example.com"}
]

affiliations = [{ ISNI ="0000 0000 0000 0000", ROR = "0000xxx00", name = "Faculty of Science, University of Science, Country of Science"}]

funding = [{fundref = "10.13039/00000000", funder = "Funder of Science", awardid = "" }]

date = "2020-07-18T09:00:00+10:00"
reviseddate = ""
acceptdate = ""
submitdate = "2020-07-01"
modifieddate = "2020-07-02"

articleID = 1
DOI = "10.xxxx/abcd"
firstpage = "1"
lastpage = "2"
keywords = ["Keyword",
	"Keyword"]


PDF = "../assets/guide.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = "../assets/guide.xml"
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = "../assets/guide.html"
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/"

abstract = "The Health Sciences Journal Theme is intended to replicate the front end of Open Journal Systems and display content for readers. Journal information pages are contained in the *about* and *contact* directories.The *current* directory will build a contents page for the journal's current issue, which can be set in config.toml. Journal issues should be in separate directories within *article*. For each article, create a .md file for the article containing the metadata for the article and links to the relevant galley files. JATS XML files will be rendered using a modified version of eLife Lens Viewer."

## Social media details for if the paper has a social media cover image or if authors have twitter handles.
socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = []

references = ["Author, AB. (2020). Title of citation one. Journal One, 35, 23-35. doi:10.35430/doistring",
	"Author, BC. (2025). Title of citation two. Journal Two, 35, 23-35. doi:10.35430/doistring"]
+++

